#(Luna Hagiwara is the same as Luna Fujji, but before she changes her last name)
My name is Luna Hagiwara. I am a 19-year-old girl living in Carson City, Nevada, with my mother, father, and little sister. I am in my first year of literature college and have a boyfriend named Anato Fujii.
Anato Fujii is a 20-year-old guy from Japan who moved to the United States after his sister died. He lives alone now. Today, Anato calls me to come to his place. As i arrive, the house is silent, hollow, like all the life has been sucked out of it. I keep calling his name, but there’s no answer. Suddenly, i feel everything goes black.
I wake up pinned to the floor in a basement, nails driven through my wrists and ankles. Pain surges through me as I lift my head, and I see Anato sitting in a chair, staring at me. "W-What the fuck is going on, Anato?" I ask, my voice shaking. His face is emotionless as he responds, "This is the only way. The only way I can bring her back..."
"H-her?" I stammer, trembling. He nods. "My sister. This is the only way to revive her." He stands and stops answering my frantic questions. Instead, he grabs a piece of chalk and begins drawing a red circle around me. "Are you insane, Anato? Let me out!" I scream, thrashing against my restraints, but it’s useless.
Anato begins chanting strange, unfamiliar words, performing some kind of ritual. Suddenly, he stabs me, carving a mark into my shoulder. I scream in pain. Then, his voice cracks with panic. "W-What? You’re not the demon I’m summoning!" His eyes widen in horror as he realizes his mistake. Without another word, he bolts into a nearby room.
Summoning every ounce of strength, I break free from the nails and run, my heart pounding. I don’t stop until I reach my house.
When I get home, the place is eerily quiet. No one else is there yet. As I stare at the blood on my wrists, I rush for the phone to call the police. But before I can dial, a tall, shadowy figure appears before me.
I freeze as the figure start speaking. "My name is Probabilitas. I am the demon of probabilities. With this pact signed, you may know the probabilities of events happening or even change them. But be warned: I have my own wishes. If this pact brings nothing to me, it will be undone. If you don’t use the power within a week, the pact will also be undone. I may appear only to you, to other demons, or to people with pacts."
Still shaken, I stammer, "W-What pact? I-I never agreed to anything like that!" Probabilitas locks eyes with me and says, "The pact that guy made"
My mind races as I realize what Anato was screaming earlier. That must have been it—the "pact."
Not believing any of this, I decide to test this so-called "power." I look out the window at an apple hanging from a tree. "May I make the chance of the apple falling 100%?" I say hesitantly. As soon as the words leave my mouth, the apple falls from the tree.
Still in disbelief, I try something else. "May I change the chance of the apple touching the ground to 0%?" I whisper. When I look again, I’m shocked to see the apple hovering two centimeters above the ground.
Heart pounding, I turn back to the phone, my thoughts racing. I call the police on Anato, almost forgetting that Probabilitas is still standing in the room, watching me.
Time passes, and the police come to question me. Apparently, when they arrive at Anato's house, it is on fire, but there is no sign of arson. They don’t find a body, but they do find all the bizarre items Anato is using for his ritual. The questioning lasts almost an hour, and they take my number to update me if they find anything.
On the way back, I spend time talking to Probabilitas. He is straightforward and always wears a stern expression. He tells me he hasn’t made a pact in 50,000 years. I still don’t understand what he wants with a pact now, but he doesn’t seem eager to break it.
I can’t get much information about demons from him, just that they make pacts because they can’t use their powers on their own. I decide to ask,
"Since you know the probabilities of everything, what is most likely to have happened to Anato?"
He looks at me and says,
"There is a 100% chance he summons Solk, the demon who can trade souls. Solk fools humans and uses his power to place an obedient soul inside the human who makes the pact, so he can use his powers freely."
This sounds truly evil to me. Maybe this is why demons have such a terrible reputation—they are just selfish. I still don’t know what I’ll do with my pact, but there is no way I’ll throw away a freaking superpower.
When I get home, it is strangely quiet. My whole family should be here. I walk from room to room, trying to find someone. When I reach the living room, I see my sister crying on the couch.
As I approach her, asking what is wrong, she points to the other side of the room. My heart drops when I see my parents' lifeless bodies lying there.
Why, why those things are happening to me? what did i done wrong? why some many things are happening so fast? Can i realy handle this? Is it worth trying?
I just need to sleep.
The police arrive, look the scene, bla bla bla, i can't handle more this shit. Well, a few days have past an A few days later, the forensic tests come back, the police inform me that Anato's fingerprints are on the murder weapon. He’s officially the killer in their eyes. I am infuriating, then i remember what Probabilitas said, Anato was fooled into trading his soul for one that obeys the demon. So it wasn’t him... maybe... This stuff is too confusing, and I don’t have time for all of this because shit keeps happening.
I am not safe here, neither is my sister, but luckily my uncle, who lives in Osaka, Japan, accepts us into his home. I guess NOW I may have time to get things clear.
If it really was Solk that killed my family, I am going to fucking shatter him.
As I get to Japan, I have pretty much free time since I quit college, and my uncle will support us here for a long time until we can recover from all the disasters that happened in such a short period.
I decide to use that free time to learn about demons and stuff so I can understand everything that is happening. There is a lot of material about demons, all contradictory, but I can just ask Probabilitas what is real and what isn’t, so I’m fine. Also, Probabilitas is a long name, so I start calling him Probas. I feel like we’re almost besties, but I don’t think he agrees. He keeps refusing to answer my questions, and I even need to use my power to confirm which material is real or not.
As all my research shows, demons are creatures who have powers but need a "master" to use their powers… like a genie, I guess. Solk is actually really famous because he trades the souls of contracting parties and gives demons free will. The books also mention another type of creature that is like a demon but can use powers freely, though they don’t go into much detail, so I don’t have enough information. I also don’t see any mention of many specific demons. There’s Solk and one called Nagar, but I expected to find at least something about Probas—no luck.
A week passes, and I’m already tired of reading. I know I was in literature college, but I used to write more than read. I try to get information directly from Probas, but he really doesn’t like talking. He gets angry when I talk too much. At least now I know he is 60 res old...? I think that’s a demon time system, but I don’t really get it.
Now I feel stuck. I’m not finding any new information. Maybe I need to find someone else with a pact to tell me things… but I don’t think so. I’ve already been to every corner of this city, and people with pacts are supposed to be able to see demons. So it looks like I’m the only one walking around with a demon on the street.
I think I’ll start looking online again. I already tried before and got nothing, but books don’t seem to be working anymore.
I am going to get icecream in the gas station, yaaay! Rigth? Wrong. Now I’m being kidnapped by three tall guys and a really small lady. Why those things keep happening! Whatever. They throw me into a room and start talking without stop. Apparently, there’s a group in Japan called JDM, which tries to stop normal people from interacting with demons. So now, either I join them, or they’ll kill me because of my pact... I mean, rigth here is my golden egg chiken, execly what I needed to get more information.
I was ready to sign the papers, but then they asked what my demon's special power was. Easy question, right? Well... not really. I don’t know if I trust these people enough to tell the truth. Should I? Of course not. I’m not dumb. I decide to lie. Thankfully, my power makes it pretty easy to fake another one. “I can spawn katanas” I say, as confidently as possible. And just to sell it, I make a katana appear in my hand, adjusting the probabilities like it’s second nature.  I am a great actor after all. they buy the story.
The first thing i discover is i am dumb, Probas looks like a human, so why didn’t I think other demons might look like that too? I’ve probably seen demons on the street and didn’t even notice. Turns out, there are about 200 demons in the JDM across Japan, with 17 in this district alone. Did i really thought that I was the only one?
They got me to the district supervisor, i made a test to see if i as qualified to be a demon user bla bla bla, i am starting to get borred about all those things. And then comes the kicker: my job here will be to kill demons. Of course. I just had to say my power was offensive. Apparently, most people given the “join or die” choice don’t take it as gracefully as I did. Those who refuse are considered dangerous and need to be eliminated, and, aaaaw is borring again. 
The good think is i will have a partner, i can finaly get some questions anwers, the bad part? My partner is 12 year old. Fuck.Why is a 12-year-old girl working with a fucking mafia?
So her name is Misaki, but for some reason, she refuses to tell me her last name. She wants to kill all the rapists in Japan... that’s definitely an objective, she know what she want. Her demon is really powerful, actually. She can use anything without wasting it, but for some reason, she only uses guns without bullets... Why? There’s so much more she could do with it. If I had that power, I would lick a lollipop without wasting it, so it would last forever. Now I want a lollipop... Whatever.
Turns out my supervisor is getting crazy because Solk now has a pact. A demon with free will is way worse than people with pacts who don’t want to join. I think they didn’t work that much before, but now, they’ll be full-time job.
Midnight. My first demon to battle: a guy who can control cats' minds. I know demons have their powers based on what they wanted when they got it, so I can’t stop imagining why he would want that. I just go and slice him in half. It’s pretty easy to use a katana, actually. I’ve never used one before, but it was smooth. Then I get an admonition: I should have killed the demon, not the innocent guy. Well, there’s no way he could take her soul back, so it’s fine. But since the demon wasn’t killed, he shows up again two days later, and I let Misaki handle him this time.
Okay, that work is not that bad after all, i go every nigth to kill demons, get some food with Misaki, and go back home, but i still got no aswer. People don't talk about that stuff? it's litery our lifes... I guess is not that big of a deal, we don't have time rigth? rigth... But everyone want the same thing as me, kill Solk, so i still have why be here. I just wish i get some money by doing this job... I hate "community service".
So, we just descover that all those demons who are geting freewill by Solk, are trying to go help something Solk is working on, we are no sure what it is, but at least we are not leting any demon escape to see Solk. Unless... well, so aparentelly there is a demon who is the "represntant" of Solk who is fooling people to asing pacts in tokio, and the JDM there can't cache him, and since me and Misaki have the most sucess rate of our district, we need to go there and help them... Why i keep geting into all that stuff?
Now we are in tokyo, i need to say, this is a good hotel they put us on. And aparentily they are getting a trap to him, so the work will be just night time, so i guess i have some free time. I think the best thing that i can do is visit my brother, Kino, who is in jail, i mean i never came to tokio so i don't talk to him in year. He was like a Serial killer, who dances while kill people, was preaty sick, but strange. We talk for like 30 minutes on the jail, and he looks like fine, even after 2 years in jail, he even said that he may get probation, but he don't know yet.
Now it’s work time! There’s a warehouse where that one demon goes to get new people. It’s about a 20-minute walk from the jail to there on foot, and it’d be bad if I were late, so I should run. But... it’s not like I really care. I don’t even help with killing demons at all, Misaki aways does the work. I need to say, Tokyo is beautiful during the night, but unfortunately, since I have been working with demons for a time now, I start to feel that presence and can't just concentrate on the beauty.
Who is that motherfucker following me? For real, if it was an ally, they would probably have already talked to me, so the best option is to start attacking. I take out a katana and throw it directly where I feel the presence. A silhouette appears in my vision, it must be the fastest demon I have already found, and he doesn't stop, spinning and spinning around me. Man, why that guy is here, the others are not more important targets?
If this guy is the one the JDM is looking for, this will be tough. I don't want to use Probas, but maybe I will need to.
This guy, instead of hitting me directly, is cutting the air at a velocity that makes cuts, really? Is that shit even possible? Why don’t demons do normal fights? Well, I am not fast enough to dodge those attacks, this is fucking air. I try to spin my katana to make a vacuum in front of me, which works, but he just attacks from the other side... I hate fights, holy. These cuts are starting to hurt. I'll just end this faster using Probas, and no one is here to see, so I should be fine. 
"What are the chances that my next attack hits you?" I spout, and I see the demon’s surprised face as I throw my katana directly at his head. BUT I DID THAT MISTAKE AGAIN, I killed the fucking pact user and not the demon, who just escaped... I hate this job.
I finally arrive at the warehouse. Trying to follow that demon was so exhausting, and I didn't even get close to catching him. As I talk to the Tokyo JDM district boss, I find out that the demon I encountered was the one they were setting a trap for. He is really angry that I let him escape, but he doesn’t show it. Really kind of him. I'm asking myself: did the demon know about the trap and chase me because of it, or maybe I was the target all along? I still don't know why Solk killed my family, but he doesn’t seem to be after me. Maybe I'm overthinking things. I'll just sleep on the way back home.
We got back home, and I just want to rest. Holy, those cuts that fast guy made are really hurting now. I think I’m going to the hospital... WHY DIDN’T ANYONE TELL ME THERE’S A GUY WITH HEALING POWER WORKING HERE? I guess it’s good, but man, they should give me important information like that. This is not noob-friendly stuff. They also offered me to join some kind of class or something like that to 'be better,' just because I can't win any fight? Well, I’m here by my own free will, so there’s no way they’re putting me in that shit.
Well... I kind of forgot that I came here to get more information (also so they don’t kill me, but irrelevant part). There’s just too much going on—every night, there’s some goddamn person with a demon causing trouble. What are they even planning? Well, I remember now that I need to gather information because I overheard some guys talking about how the JDM is handling everything against Solk alone since the "Universal One" has a bigger problem right now, or something like that... Sasao there are multiple worlds, and we can’t find Solk and the others because they’re in some space between worlds? What is this? Is there really some bigger organization that controls this kind of stuff across multiple worlds? And if that’s true, why would Solk still be in this world instead of going to one where there’s nothing stopping him? I feel like this is all bullshit, but I guess the best way to gather information is to talk to my boss.  
I ask Misaki how I can talk to the boss, and she says she’s always busy... Like, I can’t think of a single thing this organization might do besides killing demons, so what keeps her so busy? I just start asking other people around here until I finally get her name. Since it’s not “work-related,” maybe she can talk to me outside work hours. So, her name is Rika Fujji... Fujji... Where have I heard that name before...? FUJJI... HOLY SHIT, THAT’S ANATO’S LAST NAME! WHAT THE FUCK?! Okay, calm down... Holy, now I really need to talk to her. And she’s “too busy” to talk to me... Man, I mean, she doesn’t know it’s important because she won’t even talk to me first! But I don’t think she’ll listen unless she believes it’s important... That’s just not going to work—I’ll need to try another method.
I try to search for information about Rika, but there’s nothing online, and I’m not going to spend hours of my life asking yes/no questions to Probas, so I’m out of ideas. I mean… why don’t I just make the chance that I suddenly know everything about her life 100%? If I think about it, I don’t use my power so no one can discover I have it, but something like that—there’s no way it’s trackable, it’s just memories. But maybe, just maybe, there could be something out there that can sense it? I don’t even know all my allies, imagine my opponents… I’ll just make it 100% that she has free time to talk to me. That should be good enough.  
Okay, meeting with the boss scheduled… in three months? I mean, I didn’t ask for a 100% chance for it to happen  oon, but three months is kinda late. Maybe she really does have a heavy workload. I don’t know, maybe she trains people? That would make sense, I guess. Well, maybe that wait is actually a good thing. After that, I’m going to have too much shit in my head anyway, and my sister’s school break starts tomorrow. I never have time to spend with her, so I’m just going to enjoy this time with my lil’ sister.
I'm trying to get closer to Misaki, but it's a hard task, not gonna lie. I mean, we always have dinner together, but we never talk that much. She is so quiet, I don't get it. Maybe it has something to do with that whole "life objective" thing, but I think I'm slowly breaking that HUGE ice cube she's in... I think... AAAA, I just want her to become my friend. I was thinking about her powers the other day. She can have infinite bullets, but aren't demons like superhuman or some shit like that? How can normal bullets kill them? Maybe her power does more than just that. I mean, "using without wasting" is kind of subjective, isn't it? Like, couldn't that mean the bullet also doesn’t lose speed or mass when it collides? If that's the case, it's really strong. But maybe it's just that things made with demon power can hurt other demons or someshit like that. I don’t know.
After like two months of "working" here, I'm finally killing some demons consistently without Misaki's help. Maybe she's proud of me? I don't think so. People here are so serious, my jokes seem even sillier than they are. No one understands how hard it is to be the "soother" of this place. I'm sure if it weren't for me, everyone would DIE FROM BOREDOM. Like, I know our lives are at risk, but, I don't know, I just don't feel that way. Maybe my power is kind of strong, and that's why. But thinking about everything that has happened, I'm not feeling terror or trauma like I think I should. Not that i don't want revenge, I’m going to kill that guy... but I feel like others in my place wouldn't be as sane as I am... That feels weird.
My sister's break is already over. I should’ve taken a week off to be with her, but I didn’t enjoy it at all—I’m always busy. We only watched two movies, and that was it. I think the pressure of meeting Rika is getting to me because if she has nothing to do with Anato, this is going to be really awkward. I don’t think she’d just give me random information if we don’t have that guy in common... AAAAH, thinking is so hard. I need to distract myself. 
"MISAKI, LET'S GET SOME ICE CREAM!"
I shouldn’t have shouted that. Now she doesn’t want to go with me (such a bore), but I felt like I was going to explode. I love a good ice cream.
