#(Luna Hagiwara is the same as Luna Fujji, but before she changes her last name)
#(This may be consider a backstory to how she got the pact, go to japan and got her first objetive)
Luna Hagiwara is a 19-year-old girl who lives with her mother, father, and little sister in Carson City, Nevada. She is in her first year of literature college and has a boyfriend named Anato Fujji.
Anato Fujji is an 20-year-old from Japan who came to the United States after his sister died. He now lives alone. One day, Anato called Luna to come to his place, but when she got there, he made her faint. When she regains consciousness, she finds herself in his basement, her limbs nailed to the floor. Anato, wearing a cold, distant expression, explains his actions. He confesses that he start traing pacts, in desperation, hoping to revive his sister. He lured Luna here because she was an easy target, a perfect candidate for a sacrificial offering.
Anato started performing the ritual, but he made a mistake. Instead of summoning a demon to make a pact, another demon automatically made a pact with Luna.Luna manages to escape, running home with a pounding heart. She rushes to the phone, desperate to call the police, but she stops when she sees a tall figure following her. She looks back, startled, and stumbles into her room to hide. With no one else home, the figure finds Luna and begins to speak:
"My name is Probabilitas. I am the demon of probabilities. With this pact signed, you may know the probabilities of something happening or change the probabilities of events. That said, I also have wishes. If this pact brings nothing to me, it will be undone. If you don't use the power within a week, the pact will also be undone. I may appear only to you, to other demons, or to people with pacts."
Still confused, Luna asks the demon what pact he is talking about. He explains that the pact was formed because of the ritual performed by Anato.
Not believing what is happening, Luna decides to test this supposed "power." She looks at an apple on a tree outside the window and says, "Can I make the chance of the apple falling 100%?" As soon as she finishes the sentence, the apple is already falling from the tree, and she looks impressed. Wanting to try something more daring, she quickly says, "Can I change the chance of the apple touching the ground to 0%?" When she looks outside, she is shocked to see the apple floating 2 cm from the ground.
As a fast response, she turn and call police to Anato, almost forgeting that probabilitas was ther.



When she reaches Anato's house, she sees the door open, so she rushes to the basement, where she finds Anato dead, his body consumed by flames. At the center of the room, a demonic figure surrounded by fire looks at her. Terrified, Luna runs out of the house as the flames seem to follow her. She collapses to the ground, unable to stop thinking about Anato's burning face. The entire house glows with fire, lighting up her face as she sits in shock.
She asks Probabilitas if he knows who the demon inside was. He replies, "That is Solk, the oldest demon in this world. He has the power to exchange souls between humans."
Luna, overwhelmed, says, "This is too much to think about. I’ll deal with it tomorrow."
As she heads back home, she notices it is already 11 PM. When she gets home, she is horrified to find her parents dead and her little sister crying in the corner of the couch. Luna immediately calls the police but is unable to process everything happening and faints. Before losing consciousness, she thinks: "This is too much happening in so little time. I can't— not anymore. Why? Why is this happening to me? What have I done?"
She wakes up in the hospital.
After everything that happened, Luna and her sister decide to move in with their uncle in Osaka, Japan. Luna knew she couldn’t handle everything on her own.
#[this is a good point to go read Fujji's backstory]
In Japan, Luna decides to use another power of the pact. She asks Probabilitas, "What has the highest probability of happening?" He replies, "There is a 100% chance that it was Anato's body being controlled by Solk. That is what he does—makes a pact, fools the human into trading souls, and then uses that body to freely wield his power."
Luna decides to investigate about the demon, so she can understand Solk's power and why he is doing this.

#Next part conect to that one is 1.2S.
