#This is a continium part of 1.1S
As I get to Japan, I have pretty much free time since I quit college, and my uncle will support us here for a long time until we can recover from all the disasters that happened in such a short period.
I decide to use that free time to learn about demons and stuff so I can understand everything that is happening. There is a lot of material about demons, all contradictory, but I can just ask Probabilitas what is real and what isn’t, so I’m fine. Also, Probabilitas is a long name, so I start calling him Probas. I feel like we’re almost besties, but I don’t think he agrees. He keeps refusing to answer my questions, and I even need to use my power to confirm which material is real or not.
As all my research shows, demons are creatures who have powers but need a "master" to use their powers… like a genie, I guess. Solk is actually really famous because he trades the souls of contracting parties and gives demons free will. The books also mention another type of creature that is like a demon but can use powers freely, though they don’t go into much detail, so I don’t have enough information. I also don’t see any mention of many specific demons. There’s Solk and one called Nagar, but I expected to find at least something about Probas—no luck.
A week passes, and I’m already tired of reading. I know I was in literature college, but I used to write more than read. I try to get information directly from Probas, but he really doesn’t like talking. He gets angry when I talk too much. At least now I know he is 60 res old...? I think that’s a demon time system, but I don’t really get it.
Now I feel stuck. I’m not finding any new information. Maybe I need to find someone else with a pact to tell me things… but I don’t think so. I’ve already been to every corner of this city, and people with pacts are supposed to be able to see demons. So it looks like I’m the only one walking around with a demon on the street.
I think I’ll start looking online again. I already tried before and got nothing, but books don’t seem to be working anymore.
I am going to get icecream in the gas station, yaaay! Rigth? Wrong. Now I’m being kidnapped by three tall guys and a really small lady. Why those things keep happening! Whatever. They throw me into a room and start talking without stop. Apparently, there’s a group in Japan called JDM, which tries to stop normal people from interacting with demons. So now, either I join them, or they’ll kill me because of my pact... I mean, rigth here is my golden egg chiken, execly what I needed to get more information.
I was ready to sign the papers, but then they asked what my demon's special power was. Easy question, right? Well... not really. I don’t know if I trust these people enough to tell the truth. Should I? Of course not. I’m not dumb. I decide to lie. Thankfully, my power makes it pretty easy to fake another one. “I can spawn weapons,” I say, as confidently as possible. And just to sell it, I make a katana appear in my hand, adjusting the probabilities like it’s second nature.  I am a great actor after all. they buy the story.
The first thing i discover is i am dumb, Probas looks like a human, so why didn’t I think other demons might look like that too? I’ve probably seen demons on the street and didn’t even notice. Turns out, there are about 200 demons in the JDM across Japan, with 17 in this district alone. Did i really thought that I was the only one?
They got me to the district supervisor, i made a test to see if i as qualified to be a demon user bla bla bla, i am starting to get borred about all those things. And then comes the kicker: my job here will be to kill demons. Of course. I just had to say my power was offensive. Apparently, most people given the “join or die” choice don’t take it as gracefully as I did. Those who refuse are considered dangerous and need to be eliminated, and, aaaaw is borring again. 
The good think is i will have a partner, i can finaly get some questions anwers, the bad part? My partner is 12 year old. Fuck.Why is a 12-year-old girl working with a fucking mafia?
So her name is Misaki, but for some reason, she refuses to tell me her last name. She wants to kill all the rapists in Japan... that’s definitely an objective, she know what she want. Her demon is really powerful, actually. She can use anything without wasting it, but for some reason, she only uses guns without bullets... Why? There’s so much more she could do with it. If I had that power, I would lick a lollipop without wasting it, so it would last forever. Now I want a lollipop... Whatever.
Turns out my supervisor is getting crazy because Solk now has a pact. A demon with free will is way worse than people with pacts who don’t want to join. I think they didn’t work that much before, but now, they’ll be full-time job.
Midnight. My first demon to battle: a guy who can control cats' minds. I know demons have their powers based on what they wanted when they got it, so I can’t stop imagining why he would want that. I just go and slice him in half. It’s pretty easy to use a katana, actually. I’ve never used one before, but it was smooth. Then I get an admonition: I should have killed the demon, not the innocent guy. Well, there’s no way he could take her soul back, so it’s fine. But since the demon wasn’t killed, he shows up again two days later, and I let Misaki handle him this time.
Okay, that work is not that bad after all, i go every nigth to kill demons, get some food with Misaki, and go back home, but i still got no aswer. People don't talk about that stuff? it's litery our lifes... I guess is not that big of a deal, we don't have time rigth? rigth... But everyone want the same thing as me, kill Solk, so i still have why be here. I just wish i get some money by doing this job... I hate "community service".
So, we just descover that all those demons who are geting freewill by Solk, are trying to go help something Solk is working on, we are no sure what it is, but at least we are not leting any demon escape to see Solk. Unless... well, so aparentelly there is a demon who is the "represntant" of Solk who is fooling people to asing pacts in tokio, and the JDM there can't cache him, and since me and Misaki have the most sucess rate of our district, we need to go there and help them... Why i keep geting into all that stuff?
Now we are in tokyo, i need to say, this is a good hotel they put us on. And aparentily they are getting a trap to him, so the work will be just night time, so i guess i have some free time. I think the best thing that i can do is visit my brother, Kino, who is in jail, i mean i never came to tokio so i don't talk to him in year. He was like a Serial killer, who dances while kill people, was preaty sick, but strange. We talk for like 30 minutes on the jail, and he looks like fine, even after 2 years in jail, he even said that he may get probation, but he don't know yet.
Now it’s work time! There’s a warehouse where that one demon goes to get new people. It’s about a 20-minute walk from the jail to there on foot, and it’d be bad if I were late, so I should run. But... it’s not like I really care. I don’t even help with killing demons at all, Misaki aways does the work.I need to say, Tokyo is beautiful during the night, but unfortunately, since I have been working with demons for a time now, I start to feel that presence and can't just concentrate on the beauty.
Who is that motherfucker following me? For real, if it was an ally, they would probably have already talked to me, so the best option is to start attacking. I take out a katana and throw it directly where I feel the presence. A silhouette appears in my vision, it must be the fastest demon I have already found, and he doesn't stop, spinning and spinning around me. Man, why that guy is here, the others are not more important targets?
If this guy is the one the JDM is looking for, this will be tough. I don't want to use Probas, but maybe I will need to.
This guy, instead of hitting me directly, is cutting the air at a velocity that makes cuts, really? Is that shit even possible? Why don’t demons do normal fights? Well, I am not fast enough to dodge those attacks, this is fucking air. I try to spin my katana to make a vacuum in front of me, which works, but he just attacks from the other side... I hate fights, holy. These cuts are starting to hurt. I'll just end this faster using Probas, and no one is here to see, so I should be fine. 
"What are the chances that my next attack hits you?" I spout, and I see the demon’s surprised face as I throw my katana directly at his head. BUT I DID THAT MISTAKE AGAIN, I killed the fucking pact user and not the demon, who just escaped... I hate this job, omg.
